Update community resources for migration guides (#11376)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-nextjs.mdx

## Community Resources 

<CardGrid>

  <LinkCard title="Why we switched to Astro (and why it might interest you)" href="https://www.datocms.com/blog/why-we-switched-to-astro" />
  <LinkCard title="Migrating from Next.js to Astro" href="https://johnzanussi.com/posts/nextjs-to-astro-migration" />
  <LinkCard title="From NextJS to Astro" href="https://vanntile.com/blog/next-to-astro" />
  <LinkCard title="Converting Next.js to Astro" href="https://ericclemmons.com/blog/converting-nextjs-to-astro" />
  <LinkCard title="Migrating to Astro (from Next.js)" href="https://www.raygesualdo.com/posts/migrating-to-astro-the-beginning/" />
  <LinkCard title="Astro.js as an alternative to Next.js" href="https://www.railyard.works/blog/astro-as-alternative-to-next" />
  <LinkCard title="Why I Switched My Website from Next.js to Astro" href="https://praveenjuge.com/blog/why-i-switched-my-website-from-nextjs-to-astro/" />
  <LinkCard title="NextJS to Astro: more control = faster sites" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSzCtdM20Fc" />
  <LinkCard title="How Astro made my site 100x faster" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cOxA3kMYtkM" />

</CardGrid>

:::note[Have a resource to share?]

> If you found (or made!) a helpful video or blog post about converting a Next.js site to Astro, edit this page and add it here!

Author: ```suggestion
If you found (or made!) a helpful video or blog post about converting a Next.js site to Astro, [add it to this list](https://github.com/withastro/docs/edit/main/src/content/docs/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-nextjs.mdx)!
```
